hello youtubers out there this is mrs.
Mickey's ctx I'm actually covering for
Mickey ctx and I am doing a topic today
on today's modern warfare 3 yeah I'm
going to be talking I'm going to be
helping you guys get a girl yeah so I'm
gonna this commentary is going to be
what girls like in a guy and I am
basically going to give you all the
ladies point of view umm it'll probably
be different from what some girls like
but I think this is pretty general when
I'm going to be talking about we're
going to be talking about how we're
gonna help you get a girl so basically
um like for instance I like I'm a very
outgoing girl I like to go out and I
like to work out and I'd like to sell to
dance and I like to do I like to play
video games too and I mean I like to do
a lot of stuff so I want a guy that's
pretty much a similar to me in that
aspect I want a guy that has a great
personality I look forgot that
spontaneous like for instance when a
guy's spontaneous it makes the
relationship kind of exciting because
you don't know what to expect like I
can't stand it i mean i think it gets
boring whenever you're in a relationship
and then the guy he just you know he
does the same thing over and over and
over again and it just gets plain boring
so basically guys my point is don't be
boring surprise your girl take her out
like spontaneously buy her flowers you
know surprise her that's what we women
like now I have a secret to tell you and
I think it'll be a good pointer to help
you out in getting a girl it's charisma
many guys today it's it's like very rare
it's like a lost treasure in the ocean
charisma you know many guys don't have
that anymore you can see like there's a
lot of like good-looking guys and I mean
there's a lot of guys out there not not
just good looking but that don't have
charisma nowadays charisma has a lot to
do with how attractive you are to a
woman it's like a magnet you know tracks
you to the women and like we like guys
that are charismatic like for instance
Mickey he's super charismatic and like
that's like a major turn-on like I love
it love it love it love it and I think
it's like really bad I I can't stand
guys that I mean not stand them but it's
kind of sad to see a guy that's very
good looking and he and he doesn't have
charisma like he's he's good looking at
he dresses good but he doesn't have that
that confidence that that thing that
makes him a man and makes them
attractive and it it's it's something
from within and not everybody's born
with it but I mean charisma comes in all
shapes and sizes so I mean he could be
its international pretty much so you
could be any guy from any ethnicity and
background and fashion sense and you
know still be charismatic and attract a
lot of girls so that has a lot to do
with how you carry yourself so like
another point that I also wanted to
point out I like a guy that's um that's
giving yeah I giving is very important
because it shows like that it shows if
he has a really good heart or not most I
don't like guys that are well we women
don't like guys that are greedy and like
or just self involved in they don't want
to help other people around him I like a
guy that that is giving that
I like donuts for different societies
and and helps the community out a lot
and also a good important pointer is
that it's a gut I like a guy that that
takes care of his family that's involved
in worries about you know the well-being
of his family and tries to provide for
them as much as he can he doesn't he
doesn't just depend on them to give him
money and in a roof over his head
another important factor that most women
all women like in a guy is the guy
that's athletic I got a taste care of
himself because being athletic doesn't
only mean that you have a six-pack and
you have like nice biceps and triceps so
it means that you're in good health and
that you like that you love yourself
enough to take care of your health and
and probably even encourage your partner
to also keep in shape too because I mean
if you're I mean if you're a guy that's
out of shape you're not going to look
for a girl that's in shape because a
girl that's in shape she's usually
looking for a guy that's in shape as
well um we want you know we want
somebody that complements us so if
you're looking for a girl that's hot and
that hasn't that has nice legs nice butt
and like perfect abs then yeah you gotta
yeah you also got to be that kind of guy
you know because that type of girl is
going to be looking for that the same
type of guy now my final pointer for
this segment is financial independence
and now what I mean by financial
independence is a guy that could provide
from himself and I mean I I understand
like young guys like you probably live
with mom and dad could scale are still
going to school yard price on middle
school or high school and I mean you
can't really live off live on your own
but you still live with your mom and dad
but if you're trying to get a girlfriend
and us girls we like together actually
works for his for his money so if you at
least have like a little part time or
you try to make money on the side you
could buy even do chores and work for
your money and like with that money that
you let you earn that yourself as girls
we see that as a good thing and and you
taking us out or bias like at least a
carnation or something that shows a lot
of character
and now for you guys that are older and
like we want a guy that could that works
for himself that provides his own stuff
that pays for his own car his insurance
and everything you know I don't want to
go out on a date and know that my that
the guy I'm going out with got money
from his mom to take us out you know
that that shows the very little
character of the guy and we girls don't
like that now the reason why we want a
guy with independence is because if he
could provide for himself now that he's
single and we're sure that he could
provide for us if we end up together in
the future and that's what we girls
liking guys and that's what we find
attractive in them now remember this is
my first commentary so I was a kind of
nervous but I hope you enjoy it and you
enjoy mickeys gameplay and like always
guys we like it when you like favorite
and sub to our channel until next time
this is mrs. Mickey ctx signing off